The next step is to create the product rest controller, right click on one of the packages new class call it
product rest controller that will  go in to spring cloud dot controllers finish.
Mark it with @ rest controller annotation mark it with @ request mapping annotation within double quotes
forward slash product API and within the rest controller, we need a method that returns the product
back once it creates it.
So product create a product and this guy needs the product model, product product.
Mark this with @ request body annotation.
Don't forget, if we forget this, it won't serialize or de serialize the request that comes in.
hit control one import product from the model of the body of the method.
hit control one add a written statement, so this guy needs to save a product to the database and return
it.
We need the product repository here, product repo, call it repo mark it with it @ auto wired annotation.
Can make this private as well.
And within the create method, we return Repo Dot Save product for now, the save method is super
simple, but it will get a little more complicated later on as we work on Spring cloud in sections later
on because there is no discount being applied here.
This guy is not using the coupon service yet, but later on it will become a client to the coupon service.
It will make a call to the coupon service from within this create method, apply the discount by fetching
the discount and then it will save the product to the database.
All that will come in later on.
So for now, save the product return it mark it with the appropriate annotations @ request mapping.
Within bracket value is equal to within double quotes slash product, we are adding a product to the
existing collection of products.
Slash products method is equal to request method
dot post is the method for creation.
Always save it.
So that is our product rest controller.